Hey guys welcome back.
In this video we're going to fix our listings.
So if you haven't tried to fix this yourself I recommend you give it a shot.
Then once that's done we're going to add some error handling to our service and explore a few of the
Ark's jazz operators.
So right now our app is broke since we've added the service to our component.
We haven't adjusted the HTL So let's do that now.
The first thing I'll do is get rid of these other columns that contain the hard coded data.
I'm going to keep this favorite message.
We're still iterating over books and books.
So I'll leave that as well but I am going to get rid of these two buttons that we won't be using anymore.
So let's open up our bookstore Jaisalmer file so we can get a reference to our items.
The image of our books is right here as well.
So we'll change that.
Instead of book price.
It's just named price book title is called name book author is just author book description is simply
description published on is now called release date.
We're still using book in-stock but I've changed this to be a boolean in the Jaisalmer file.
We can use something similar to the height image logic above.
So I'll just copy that over and say that if the book is in stock meaning if it's set to true display
the string yes.
Otherwise no.
Then instead of book reviews will say star rating.
And then I'm going to get rid of this books in stock p elements and then fix this B-S favorite area
to say book thoughts star rating and book name.
Now let's save everything and see the results.
OK looks pretty good.
Let's now add some error handling to our service.
Right now we're just sending back the data from our API endpoint but not doing anything in the event
the file isn't found or something misfires so I'll open up my book service file and first create a private
error handling method name to handle error
or create a variable here in a message that's going to display our error message
and then I could return the observable attaching to it.
The throw method passing in our message we're using a new.
Our exchange operator here called throe.
So we need to import it
instead of listing these operators individually.
We could import the entire Our access library like this but this is actually not recommended since our
XT is a big library and we don't need everything in there.
Now let's add it or get books method to include the air handling below.
We can first change the method do which will allow us to log a message after the data has been received
and then also add the catch method passing in this thought handle error in the event an error is received
and will make sure to import these two new operators up above
and then let's just break our API call by adding an extra As to the end of our End Point.
And now on refresh we get a nice descriptive error message alerting us of the problem with the response
object.